about.md, before:

---
layout: page 
title: About
heading: I'm Akash Kothawale
permalink: /about/
description:
image: /images/about.jpg
---

But you already know that. I'm a developer living in Pune, India. I like it here
not just because it's my hometown but also because the weather is usually quite
pleasant all year round.

I’ve studied Engineering (Information Technology) at Pune Institute of Computer
Technology, 2013 batch. Never thought that I’ll actually be proud of it. 

My spare time is spent reading Comics and fighting with other fans on Facebook
over it. Occasionally, I updated my knowledge of human anatomy, finance, music.
I’m a struggling poet (and that’s me being very modest). I’m found playing
guitar or drums, at times. Only music can soothe my nerves. I <s>write</s> used
to write on Quora.

I'm ***@decached*** on most services. You can find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/{{ site.alias }}), [Quora](https://quora.com/{{ site.author | slugify }}), [GitHub](https://github.com/{{ site.alias }}) and [Instagram](https://instagram.com/{{ site.alias }}), or go old school by emailing me at [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}).

Commit message:

bout: Update to make it less technical.
Signed-off-by: Akash Kothawale <akash@decached.com>

about.md, after:

---
layout: page 
title: About
heading: I'm Akash Kothawale
permalink: /about/
description:
image: /images/about.jpg
---

I'm 23 and live in Pune, India. I’ve studied Engineering (Information
Technology) at Pune Institute of Computer Technology, 2013 batch. Never thought
that I’ll actually be proud of it. 

I also maintain a technical blog
*[decached.com](https://decached.com){:target="_blank"}* for all my professional
posts.

Apart from all those boring details, I'm a student of everything I can lay my
hands on. I particularly enjoy Comics, Human Anatomy, Finance and Music. I can
be found playing a Guitar or Drums. Only music can soothe my nerves. 

I’m a terrible poet, but I like expressing. I <s>write</s> used to write on
Quora back when I was in college, but I gave up. I'll be resuming soon, so keep
an eye.

My Saturdays are reserved for my friends and Sundays for family. I love people
who are smart and competitive. Kindness is optional, but boring, aimless and
alcoholics repel me.

You can contact me for anything. Help, favours, coffee, talks, sessions, hangout. I'm ***@decached*** on most services. You can find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/{{ site.alias }}), [Quora](https://quora.com/{{ site.author | slugify }}), [GitHub](https://github.com/{{ site.alias }}) and [Instagram](https://instagram.com/{{ site.alias }}), or go old school by emailing me at [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}).
